
UseCase navn | Send Request | 
-------------| -------------------------------| 
Scope        | NY-Builder
Primary Actor| Consultant
Level        | User goal
Description  | The Consultant specifies height and width of the needed wall, then a guiding price is generated and is ready to send.
Stakeholders and Interests |<br> <ul><li>Consultant (wishes to make the customer an offer)</li><li>NewYorker (potential recipient of an order)</li><li>Customer (The consumer who wishes to purchase a construct for their home)</li></ul>
Preconditions |<br> <ul><li>Consultant is provided with the specified width and height of the wall to be produced. </li></ul>
Success Guarantee<br>(Postconditions) | A request for a wall is sent to NewYorker for production and a copy for the Consultant.
Main Success Scenario | 1. Consultant defines wall height.<br><br> 2. Consultant defines wall width. <br><br> 3. The application calculates and presents a total for the wall.<br><br>4. The Consultant fills out the customization template if needed.<br><br>5. The application updates the price based on template input.<br><br>6. Consultant specifies name. <br><br> 7. Consultant specifies email-address. <br><br> 8. Consultant specifies phonenumber. <br><br> 9. Consultant specifies ZIP-code. <br><br> 10. Consultant specifies address. <br><br> 11. The application presents a list of partnered stores. <br><br> 12. Consultant specifies a chosen partenered store. <br><br> 13. Consultant sends a production request to NewYorker and a copy to the Consultant. <br><br> 14. The application confirms that the request has been sent.
Extensions | <ul><li> 1.A If the Consultant specifies a wall height greater than the defined maximum height </li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message informing the Consultant of the maximum wall height. <br><br> *The process continues from the 2nd step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 1.B If the Consultant specifies a wall height smaller than the defined minimum height.</li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message informing the Consultant of the minimum wall height.<br><br> *The process continues from the 2nd step.*</ul><br><br><ul><li> 1.C If the Consultant specifies a wall height with a negative value </li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to use positive values <br><br> *The process continues from the 2th step.*</ul><br><br><ul><li> 1.D If the Consultant specifies a wall height with a symbol</li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to use numbers.<br><br> *The process continues from the 2nd step.* </ul><br><br> <ul><li> 1.E If the Consultant does not specify a wall height </li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to specify a wall height. <br><br> *The process continues from the 2nd step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 2.A If the Consultant specifies a wall width smaller than the defined minimum width</li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message informing the Consultant of the minimum wall width.<br><br> *The process continues from the 3rd step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 2.B If the Consultant specifies a wall width with a negative value</li><br><br>   1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to use positive numbers.<br><br> *The process continues from the 3rd step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 2.C If the Consultant specifies a wall width with a symbol</li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the consultant to use numbers.<br><br> *The process continues from the 3rd step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 2.D If the Consultant does not specify a wall width </li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to specify a wall widht. <br><br> *The process continues from the 3rd step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li>  6.A If the Consultant specifies an invalid name</li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message informing the Consultant to specify a valid name.<br><br> *The process continues from the 7th step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 6.B If the Consultant does not specify a name </li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to specify a name. <br><br> *The process continues from the 7th step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 7.A If the Consultant specifies an invalid email-address</li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message informing the Consultant to specify a valid email-address.<br><br> *The process continues from the 8th step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 7.B If the Consultant does not specify an email-address </li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to specify an email-address. <br><br> *The process continues from the 8th step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 8.A If the Consultant specifies an invalid phonenumber</li><br><br> 1. The application displays an error message informing the Consultant to specify a valid phonenumber.<br><br> *The process continues from the 9th step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 8.B If the Consultant does not specify a phonenumber </li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to specify a phonenumber. <br><br> *The process continues from the 9th step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 9.A If the Consultant specifies an invalid ZIP-code</li><br><br> 1. The application displays an error message informing the Consultant to specify a valid ZIP-code.<br><br> *The process finishes after the 10th step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 9.B If the Consultant does not specify a ZIP-code </li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to specify a ZIP-code. <br><br> *The process continues from the 10th step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 10.A If the Consultant specifies an invalid address</li><br><br> 1. The application displays an error message informing the Consultant to specify a valid address.<br><br> *The process continues from the 11th step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 10.B If the Consultant does not specify an address </li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to specify an address. <br><br> *The process continues from the 11th step.* </ul><br><br><ul><li> 12.A If the Consultant does not specify a partnered store </li><br><br>  1. The application displays an error message instructing the Consultant to specify a partnered store. <br><br> *The process continues from the 13th step.* </ul><br><br>
Special Requirements | --
Technology & Data Variations List | --
Frequency of Occurrence | The use case occurs everytime a Consultant creates a request.
Miscellaneous | -- 

